Steps

Purpose: We want to understand the type of customer we have.

Using marks and groups

1. Open telco_data.csv with Tableau Desktop.
2. Transform age into dimension
3. Create a bar plot that represent the average national calls per age. Make adjustments to the plot: title, axis, avg(Calls), entire view, etc. What do you observe?
4. Modify the previous chart to add the average international calls. Make adjustments to the plot: title, axis, avg(Intern), entire view. Make adjustments to the plot: title, axis, avg(Calls), entire view, etc. What do you observe?
5. Create a scatter plot comparing international vs. National calls per age. Make adjustments to the plot: title, axis, avg(Calls), entire view. Make adjustments to the plot: title, axis, avg(Calls), avg(Intern) entire view, Marks (color), etc. What do you observe?
6. Improve the previous chart creating a group for Age (based on decades). Make adjustments to the plot: title, axis, avg(Calls), avg(Intern) entire view, Marks (color), etc. What do you observe?
7. Create a new chart adding Avg(Text) as Size (Mark). What do you observe?
8. Create a new chart changing Avg(Text) per Avg(Data). What do you observe?  
9. Create a new chart using the previous one adding AVG(Text) as color instead Age(Group). What do we observe?

Using Highlighters

10. Add a highlighter. Go the Analysis Menu > Highligher > Age (Group)
11. Duplicate the previous chart and add age as shape of the last chart. Change age (group) to detail.

Using filters

12. Add filters to all the measures and dimension. 
13. Do we still need the highlighter?
14. Do we still need the legends?
15. Change the filter of the legend to the best option.

Using bins

16. Create a bin for age (with 10 elements per bin)
17. Repeat step 6 but using Age (bins) instead Age (groups)
18. Add number of records to detail. What do you observe?

Using calculated fields

19. Create a new calculated field that is Calls + Intern = Total Calls
20. Create a new chart: Average Total Calls per Age (Group)
21. Add Caption
21. Add Summary

Using sets

22. Create a barplot representing avg(data) vs Age
23. Select ages from 35 to 45 and create the 35-45 gro
24. Drag 35-45 set to colors

Extra: create a correlation chart

25. Add data, calls, intern and text to columns
26. Add data, calls, intern and text to rows

Saving your work 

27. Save your work as s8-ex1.twbx